hi i'm kelly marie tran
i'm playing raya in raya and the last
dragon and these are my video diaries
i'm going to give you a tour of the
makeshift
voiceover booth that i've been using at
home so here's the microphone
recording from home has been really fun
but there's been some hard things
especially with
having internet that's always freezing
it could be really frustrating when
you're in the middle of a really good
take
and then all of a sudden just kidding
that was awesome give me some shell whoa
it looks so good i am so
just inspired by how many people are
working on this
from home our actors including you have
been so gracious letting us not only
into their home
into their closets so that we can record
together
i'm about to watch the trailer for the
first time okay
my name is raya
i'm realizing that i might have always
been the disney kid exhibit
a exhibit b
exhibit c so it's pretty crazy that
now i get to be a disney princess
that's pretty crazy today i'm at walt
disney animation studios this is
actually where i auditioned um so it's
crazy to be back here
i'll always remember the first time that
we met you we did that recording kelly
because we had found the
voice and the heart behind the character
the best time
truly oh i love you guys
you're getting a little too big for this
bud
i can't wait for you guys to see this